talking with Scott Callan from six and
sports com and SBR contributor John Ryan
from John Ryan sports com previewing
week 10 in the NFL here on the SPR TV
NFL experts round table we are now going
to take a look at the monday night game
of a pretty intriguing line it kind of
feels like i stay off to me reminds me a
little bit of last week's bears eagles
game it's minnesota at Green Bay green
bay is a 13-point home favorite but that
might be warranted you know Aaron
Rodgers just rolling looking absolutely
awesome Green Bay's had three home games
two of those games they won by more than
20 points so you know they're certainly
capable of of this kind of a win this
margin of a win the Vikings look very
vulnerable on defense or secondary is
looking kind of vulnerable and their
their entire defense is kind of banged
up but you know Christian Ponder's
making them you know given some life to
their offense and Adrian Peterson of
course having a great year let's see
what you guys have to say about it John
Ryan what do you think about this line
well I think you're right great when you
have to be really careful with you know
might be the type of game for those guys
I like to play teasers which I am NOT
one of them but it you know you could
tease Green Bay but the one thing that's
really intriguing to me this year in the
NFL is the fact that we just mentioned
New England 30-second against the pass
the green bay packers which i think we
all would agree right now is the best
team in football with the 31st worst
passing defense so with that said you
know did this game with both passing
defense is ranked 30th by Minnesota 31st
against Green Bay could turn into a barn
burner of a type of game so is a tough
game to call better there are things
that make me lean towards Minnesota hmm
yeah I mean Scott Kellen what's your
read what's your read on these lines of
any I was thrown in the game actually I
ran amok a couple weeks ago and they
were at home against Green Bay catching
a whole bunch of coins they have to jump
out so leading that game i think then
fell back down by 17 there's something
looked like they were going to cover and
then managed to squeak back under the
number i make the line eight in this
game if she was actually kind of short
but obviously there's clear value based
on that and minnesota qualifies it a
couple really really good fundamental
russian situations for me as well as
green based qualifies in a negative
russian situation which is basically
says
watch the ball very well they don't stop
the rush very well the lane points it's
usually not a good scenario so the
Vikings cual offense in pretty good
situation there's value there obviously
you can't really look you know how these
two teams have played here in the last
few years because it's completely
different biking team with five and the
quarterbacks that they've had but
Minnesota's played here please
competitively over the years and it had
a week off so they're going to be coming
up a buy like John said the packaging
are I believe green and gold but that
that defense is not stopping anybody and
to a degree we've seen this multiple
times this year episode oh they gotta
play 17 when i'm back in brought they
won by six at carolina they drop down
early took a lead back we're covering
getting it back same thing with San
Diego last week they managed to cover
could they the lane less in the
touchdown but I don't think they really
share so much in deep install from time
to time cuz they know they can score and
you know they could be up to 20 points
all game and give up the back yard
touchdown and not cover so I think the
place Minnesota or nothing and I
actually feel pretty good about the bike
keys game real